# Professional Story

Hello.  My name is Michael Gatewood.  I recently separated from the United States Army where I was a Human Resource Manager.  While I was serving in the Army, I often found myself automating processes using my skills in relational database management.  But, I was always limited by the software that I had access; namely Microsoft Access and Excel.  When I decided I wanted to move on from Human Resources, I naturally wanted to take those skills to the next level and learn to develop my own software.  So three weeks after I got out, I started my education at Turing School of Software and Design in Denver.  So far the experience has been very positive.  I'm learning to code at a rate I would have never imagined possible; I get to work with a very diverse group of students and instructors; and I get a lot of opportunities to assist and coach others...something that has always been a strength of mine.

When I graduate Turing, I'm looking for a career as a developer with a small-business; preferrably a start-up environment where I can flex my process improvement skills.  This is important to me because I really want to get in on the ground floor and work somewhere that I can help shape the culture.  I've worked for small businesses and volunteered with non-profit organizations; and I really enjoyed the close relationships I've developed there.  I really thrive on the overall impact I can make in a smaller organization and the pressure of that impact drives me to work harder and learn faster.  Because of my additional experience in product development, marketing, and IT management, I think that my skillset is particularly well suited to a small, start-up environtment where I can wear several hats.
